join log_action in segment sql queries instead of using idaction IN (...) (#20379)
piwik/piwik: CHANGELOG.md

* The method `Common::getRequestVar` is now deprecated, but will remain API until Matomo 6. You may already start using the new class `Piwik\Request` instead, but ensure to handle needed sanitizing / escaping yourself.

### Removed Config

> * The segment subquery cache, previously enabled via the `segments_subquery_cache_limit` INI config, has been removed. Segment SQL queries that reference actions now directly join log_action. Related INI config option and `segments_subquery_cache_ttl` have also been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The segment subquery cache, previously enabled via the `enable_segments_subquery_cache` INI config, has been removed. Segment SQL queries that reference actions now directly join log_action. Related INI config options `segments_subquery_cache_limit` and `segments_subquery_cache_ttl` have also been removed.
```
